1.Essentials of comm:
	Control Cycle:
		1. set goals
		2. plan: frequency, inform your stakeholders abt al plans
		3. implement: implemnet, have backup plans, do regular comm
		4. check: no gap bw messaging and their understanding
		5. feedback
		
	Elements influencing comm skills:
		Factors: favorably influence the comm process						Filters: can cause distortion and loss of info
		Factors influencing sending process:              Factors influencing receiving process:		  		Factors influencing sending & receiving process:
			knowldge & skills            					attention												perception
			knowldge & skills								interest												prejudices
			self confidence									focus													unfavorable situations
			logical thinking								empathy													choice of words
			focus on subj									open mind												non verbal symbols
			power of articulation																					lack of assertiveness
	
2.Thought Articulation:
	An imperative bsns skill.
	articulate- say/pronoune something in clearly understandable manner.
	
	Barriers of articulation:									Avoid Barriers of articulation:
		1. lack of knowldge skills									step 1. identify anchors in ur mind (idea/confict/issue, filter out unneccessory stuff)
		2. no arrangement of thoughts								step 2. set order in terms of priority
		3. fear of embarassment										step 3. share the concept to match the anchors.
		4. lack of confidence
		5. anxiety
																																		 
3. Assertive Comm:
			Comm styles:   1. PASSIVE    2. Aggressive    3. Passive Aggressive      4. Assertive (Most recommended style)
			Parameters to judge: 1.Mottos nd beliefs     2. Comm style       3. Characterstic        4. Non verbal cues        5. verbal cues
			Steps to become Assertive:
				Step 1. Be open				Step 2. Offer suggestions
				Step 3. Express				Step 4. Listen and empathize
				Step 5. Be analytical
				
4. Listening Skills:
	Barriers of Listening: 1. lack of interest   2. Day dreaming     3. Info overload      4. Anxiety       5. Tunnel listening
	Effective listening: Step 1. Concentrate      Step 2.           Step 3. Empathize
	
5. Email etiquette:

				
				
				
	